and then they just like since I came up
and just like biting them and I couldn't
see everywhere I go
if Sony's the shallows Blake Lively
trying to survive against a mean old
shark is trying to eat her so today
we're gonna swim the sharks we're gonna
swim with sharks I grew up in Florida
basically I know the water like it's
back in my hand I hate the ocean it's my
biggest fear
all right we're going shark diving today
we're gonna go out about 6 miles
offshore in the middle the Gulf Stream
we're gonna throw you guys in water with
some big sharks these are all like
friendly cool sharks right no these are
the bigger more aggressive top 3 premier
sharks cruise in the world so they have
to tell people very rarely but yes it's
happened before
you're going out to witness one of the
greatest predators on earth right you're
gonna see them in their environment feel
like if I were a cartoon characters and
events always so how this dive is gonna
work I'm gonna take a crate full of
tunas I'm gonna put it down about 20
feet all the Sharks gonna come up and
just circle that crate really Lenny
so you guys ready to jump in the water
with 20 bull sharks right now yeah I'm
in a cage man yeah I'm super chill yeah
it's a perfectly good shark cage but I
don't think we should use it today have
you ever had groups hold hands the
entire time never happened before okay
well we might do that three two one
are they doing
why would he do that damn I don't see
the big actors but I can see everyone's
legs and it's really scary
got a shark shark in the water shark in
the water
hello I want everybody behind me please
Kristen up really simple all right you
got a lot of sharks here now he's just
singing a wall just do exactly what I
say I have one person right here holding
on to the rope with the down the Sharks
three feet other person three feet
another person Cinco five no more going
out there
about a hundred sharks started showing
up below and I'm not exaggerating it was
like a sea of sharks about 50 people
lowest bull sharks are a pack animal so
you're gonna have like 10 20 30 even at
one time through a net stop making all
those noises you start to make a living
on picking people off certain acting
sketchy this one right behind me there's
been more in awe and frightened probably
fast we gotta start get everybody out of
the water I can't stop gripping the cage
I like I have my knuckles are white it
was real and they were Farah up next my
head Ned went from ocean master to ocean
disaster Ned had the reaction that I
thought I was gonna had I'm really proud
of myself I did the thing that I said I
was never going to do so the Sharks we
have today we're bull sharks definitely
one of the most aggressive sharks in the
world a guy actually did get attacked
that same area about a week ago Zack
went from master ocean hater to ocean
master baiter the shark
think about it it's not a situation
where shark goes out of its way to see
you someone and attacks them the
situation where the person actually does
something that provokes that attack you
got to come out seeing what they really
are we were all good everybody took care
of us we knew what to do we didn't panic
nobody died Blake Lively it's simple
I got a do is be calm it felt way too
close to death I need uh yeah okay it's
okay I was there with you a lot I know
he was struggling